Privacy Policy for Urlextention

Last updated: February 11, 2026

Urletention is a simple bookmark management Chrome extension. Your privacy is important to us, and this policy explains how information is handled when using the extension.

Information We Collect

Urletention does not collect, transmit, or sell personal data.

The extension may store the following information locally in your browser:
	•	Bookmarks you create or save
	•	Page titles and URLs you choose to store
	•	Extension settings or preferences

All data is stored locally using Chrome’s storage and is only used to provide bookmark functionality.

How Data Is Used

Stored information is used only to:
	•	Save and manage bookmarks
	•	Display bookmarks inside the extension
	•	Sync bookmarks between your browsers only if Chrome Sync is enabled by you

No data is sent to external servers.

Data Sharing

Urletention:
	•	Does not sell data
	•	Does not share data with third parties
	•	Does not track users
	•	Does not use analytics or advertising services

Permissions Usage

The extension may request permissions such as:
	•	Access to tabs or active page (to save URLs)
	•	Storage permission (to save bookmarks locally)

Permissions are used strictly for bookmark functionality.

Data Security

All bookmark data remains under the control of the user within their browser environment.

Changes to This Policy

This policy may be updated if extension functionality changes. Updates will be reflected by revising the date above.

Contact

For questions or feedback regarding this privacy policy or the extension, please contact the developer via the extension listing page.
